# Adding MoonlightBot to your server

Currently, MoonlightBot has three different bots active on Discord. Reason which, some of them offer early access to features that will be available to everyone in the stable release.

## MoonlightBot stable
This bot is ensured to not have major bugs by a team of volunteer testers. Suitable for any server.

**[Invite MoonlightBot stable](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=314110696071888896&permissions=470133958&scope=bot)**

## MoonlightBot beta
MoonlightBot beta receives frequent updates and bug fixes, as well as some improvements and new features that come out earlier than stable for you to use and provide feedback to the developers. There may be small, or medium prority bugs. Suitable for any server, especially ones who need experimental features or want to try them out.

**[Invite MoonlightBot beta](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=440423394350202881&permissions=470133958&scope=bot)**

## MoonlightBot preview
MoonlightBot preview is the bot that volunteer testers use to try out new features, find bugs and provide feedback before any stable user does. This bot receives high frequency updates (more than one per week, if not once a day), and it's meant to aid the developers with bug fixing and improving User Experience. This bot may be added into any server, but be aware that it can have major bugs, and some weird input may cause errors.

This bot is reserved to confirmed testers. To become one, [join the support server](https://discord.gg/hNQWVVC) and ask there.

**Warning:** Creating or obtaning an invite for MoonlightBot preview without being a tester is strictly forbidden, and may result in a removal from being able to use the bot.
