# Configuring a server

After inviting the bot, you can start editing settings immediately. Most of the settings are editable through the `set` command.

## Using the set command

Standard structure for this command is `m:set <category> <target> [action] [...data]`

### Editing a role

`m:set role <role_id> ...`
You can only edit roles that are lower than your highest role in the Discord hierarchy

#### Editing a role's level

`m:set role <role_id> level <level>`
The level must be an integer between 0 and below your own level.

#### Making a role self-assignable
`m:set role <role_id> selfAssignable`
If the role is already self-assignable, using this command will remove this property.

#### Adding a duration to a self-assignable role
`m:set role <role_id> selfAssignableDuration <duration>`
When an user assigns themselves this role, it will be automatically removed after the set duration.

### Editing a command
`m:set command <command> ...`

#### Editing a command's level
`m:set command <command> level <level>`
The level must be an integer between 0 and below your own level.

#### Disabling a command
`m:set command <command> disable`
A disabled command cannot be used by anyone

#### Re-enabling a command
`m:set command <command> enable`
Re-enables a command

### Adding a custom prefix
`m:set prefix <prefix>`
Adds a custom prefix.

**Note:** This will not override the bot's global prefix. MoonlightBot can still be triggered with its normal prefix or with a mention.

To remove the custom prefix, use `m:set prefix --remove`

### Setting the mute role
`m:set muterole <role>`
This will set the role as the role the `mute`/`tempmute` commands will use

**Note:** Make sure to test whether or not the role actually mutes the user. If you want to create a muterole with permissions set, or edit an existing one's permission, see the `create-muterole` command.

To remove the mute role, use `m:set muterole -remove`


### Showing permission errors
`m:set showPermissionError`
If this is set to true, an user trying to use a command they cannot use will receive a message telling they can't use that command. If false, no message will be shown and the bot will pretend it did not hear anything.
