# Reference

This page will help you going around thid documentation and unnderstanding it better

## Command arguments

We follow this syntax for command arguments:

`m:commandname (a|b) <arg1> <arg2> --flag1 [arg3]`

Let's break it down.

`m:` is the command prefix. Every command you can trigger starts with this. If you are not using the stable MoonlightBot, or you're using a custom prefix, replace it accordingly.

`commandname` is the name of the command you want to use. It must come exactly after the prefix

Each argument is separed by a space. Let's see what the brackets mean.

Option groups are enclosed in round brackets (). Each valid option is separed by a `|`. You must provide literally any option in those. Ex. for an argument of type `(foo|bar)`, you must put either `foo` or `bar`.

Required arguments are enclosed in angle brackets (<>). You must provide those arguments in order for the command to work. Those are variables and do not require the literal content of the brackets.

Optional arguments are enclosed in square brackets ([]). They are not required to make the command work, but can be provided in order to add more information on your actions.

## Command flag

Any piece of text starting with two dashes `--` is considered a flag. They are removed from normal arguments and can be put alomst anywhere after the commandname and a space. They're used to add extra functionality to commands.

Examples of flag usage:

- Valid
- - `m:ban @username --dm-user Spamming bot commands outside testing channel`
- - `m:ban --dm-user @username Spamming bot commands outside testing channel`
- - `m:ban --dm-user @user Spamming bot commands outside testing channel`
- - `m:ban @user Spamming bot commands outside --dm-user testing channel`, beware this will add a double space in between "outside" and "testing"

- Not valid
- - `--dm-user m:ban @username Spamming bot commands outside testing channel`
- - `m:ban--dm-user @username Spamming bot commands outside testing channel`
- - `m:--dm-userban @username Spamming bot commands outside testing channel`
